V2.2.0 changes (#72)
msupply-foundation/msupply_docs: content/docs/replenishment/r-and-r-forms.md

| **Requested\***                       | Quantity to be requested in the requisition. Calculated as <code>Maximum - Final balance</code>                                                                                                               |
| **Low stock**                         | Warning indicator if your final balance is low in comparison to the ideal stock level. Will show `!` when `Final balance` is less than half of `Maximum`, and `!!` when less than quarter                     |
| **Comment\***                         | You can add any comments to the line as needed                                                                                                                                                                |
| **Confirmed\***                       | Use this column to keep track of which lines are complete. Acts as the save button for changes to a line.                                                                                                     |

> | **Approved Quantity**                 | Once the R&R Form is finalised, this column will show the quantity approved by the supplier                                                                                                                   |

Reviewer: strictly speaking, it isn't the supplier that approves in the current example - it's a gov dept which inserts itself into the process. it's a little clumsier but perhaps 
```suggestion
| **Approved Quantity**                 | Once the R&R Form is finalised and authorisation is configured, this column will show the quantity approved by the authoriser                  |
```

- The R&R form will no longer be editable
- An Internal Order will be created and sent to the selected supplier. The values entered against each item in the R&R form are used to populate the Internal Order, so check the `Requested` value before confirming!

> - Once the Internal Order has been approved by the supplier, the `Approved Quantity` column will be populated with the approved quantities.

Reviewer: as above - not necessarily a 'supplier'; I'd swap with 'authoriser'
